# philanthropicsimulator
The goal of this project is philanthropic awareness in the community. There are three specific activities in the video game that has been created that are related to specific causes. The main character has to navigate through three activities: donating food to shelters, fundraising for breast cancer, and donating to Girl Scouts. These issues were chosen due to issues in the real world such as: poverty/food insecurity, breast cancer awareness, and creating women empowerment in young girls. Girl Scouts stands up for specific causes, such as saving the bees, and also helps young women learn to be leaders in their community.  The player can control the main character with the left and right arrow keys or A and D letter keys. There are dialogue/fun fact pop-ups and choices that the player can make, which can be selected with the enter key. The play has opportunities to make choices in the game.The environment and ending of the game is impacted depending on whether they choose to be philanthropic or ignore the opportunities to help their community.

We used some free assets as well including:
The low poly buildings by KARBOOSX | https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/urban/lowpoly-modern-city-buildings-set-64427
The characters and walking animation by KEVIN IGLESIAS | https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/humanoids/humans/3d-character-dummy-178395 | https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/animations/basic-motions-free-pack-154271
Music by OWL THEORY MUSIC | https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/audio/music/rpg-music-pack-lite-edition-149931
